LB partial re-structure (#2008)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/load-balancing/src/content/additional-options/spectrum.md

---
order: 1
pcx-content-type: navigation
title: Spectrum
---

# Add load balancing to Spectrum applications

You can configure a load balancer to provide TCP healthchecks, failover, and traffic steering to bring resiliency to your Spectrum applications.

> For more details, see [Load balancing in Spectrum applications](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/load-balancer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to [Load balancing in Spectrum applications](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/load-balancer).
```
